README.md, before:

This will be a project containing some tools for creating Extra Life widgets.

How to Use
==========
On a fresh download, run the following commands to pull down all relevant dependencies:

`npm install`  
`bower install`

Now you should be good to go forth and develop!

Starting the Grunt server
=========================

* In the root directory of the `ExtraLifeWidgets` project, type `grunt`
  * This will start a web server on port `9001` of `localhost`
  * You should be able to see the widgets in action by navigating to `http://localhost:9001/Widgets/` in a browser
    * Select a Widget.html, and add the required query string arguments

Embedding Widgets in OBS
========================

* Embedding a widget in OBS
  * Requires the [CLRBrowser Extension](https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/clr-browser-source-plugin.22/)
  * In your scene, select `Add > CLRBrowser`
  * Set the URL to the URL of the locally-hosted widget, along with the query string parameters
    * e.g. `http://localhost:9001/Widgets/Progress.html?id=12345&team=true`
  * Adjust the width and height to fit on your stream
* Embedding a widget in OBS Multiplatform
  * In your scene, select `Add > BrowserSource`
  * Set the URL to the URL of the locally-hosted widget, along with the query string parameters
    * e.g. `http://localhost:9001/Widgets/Progress.html?id=12345&`
  * Adjust the width and height to fit on your stream
  * You can use a low FPS value, since most widgets update once every 10 seconds or longer

Available Widgets
=================

* Top Donors (Participant)
  * Displays the top X donors to a participant
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Participant ID
    * `topX` - Number of donors to display (default `3`)
* Top Donors (Team)
  * Displays the top X donors to a team
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Team ID
    * `topX` - Number of donors to display (default `3`)
* Goal Progress
  * Displays the progress toward the participant's / team's goal
  * Works with either team or participant
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Team or Participant ID
    * `team` - Optional flag to control team or participant
      * The default value is `false`
      * Any value provided here is a string. So adding `team=false` or `team=0` will be interpreted as a `true` value

Upcoming Widgets
================

* Recent X Donations (Alex)
  * Given: Participant ID/Team ID
  * Retrieve: All donations
  * Sort by time
  * Display top X (5? 3?)

Commit message:

updating some stuff to make developing widgets easier
1) removing grunt and bower entirely
2) simplifying package.json (we don't have any dependencies now)
3) using CDN links in the widgets page instead of local lib links
4) updating README to reflect new ease of use
5) updating gitignore because that file was bugging me
6) removing unneeded jquery

README.md, after:

This will be a project containing some tools for creating Extra Life widgets.

How to Use
==========
The widgets are controlled by JavaScript files inside the js/ directory.

The HTML for the widgets is stored in the Widgets/ directory.

You should be able to edit those files and open them locally to see the widgets in action.


Embedding Widgets in OBS
========================

* Embedding a widget in OBS
  * Requires the [CLRBrowser Extension](https://obsproject.com/forum/resources/clr-browser-source-plugin.22/)
  * In your scene, select `Add > CLRBrowser`
  * Set the URL to the URL of the locally-hosted widget, along with the query string parameters
    * e.g. `http://localhost:9001/Widgets/Progress.html?id=12345&team=true`
  * Adjust the width and height to fit on your stream
* Embedding a widget in OBS Multiplatform
  * In your scene, select `Add > BrowserSource`
  * Set the URL to the URL of the locally-hosted widget, along with the query string parameters
    * e.g. `http://localhost:9001/Widgets/Progress.html?id=12345&`
  * Adjust the width and height to fit on your stream
  * You can use a low FPS value, since most widgets update once every 10 seconds or longer

Available Widgets
=================

* Top Donors (Participant)
  * Displays the top X donors to a participant
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Participant ID
    * `topX` - Number of donors to display (default `3`)
* Top Donors (Team)
  * Displays the top X donors to a team
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Team ID
    * `topX` - Number of donors to display (default `3`)
* Goal Progress
  * Displays the progress toward the participant's / team's goal
  * Works with either team or participant
  * Query String Parameters
    * `id` - Numeric Team or Participant ID
    * `team` - Optional flag to control team or participant
      * The default value is `false`
      * Any value provided here is a string. So adding `team=false` or `team=0` will be interpreted as a `true` value

Upcoming Widgets
================

* Recent X Donations (Alex)
  * Given: Participant ID/Team ID
  * Retrieve: All donations
  * Sort by time
  * Display top X (5? 3?)
